# Oasis_Infobyte
# Java Development Internship - OASIS INFOBYTE
Welcome to Oasis Infobyte Java Development Projects repository. This repository contains Java projects, including "Online Examination System, Number Guessing Game, ATM Interface and Online Resevation System." These projects are designed to help you improve your Java programming skills and showcase your knowledge.
# Project 1: Atm Interface
We have all come across ATMs in our cities and it is built on Java. This complex project consists of five different classes and is a console-based application. When the system starts the user is prompted with user id and user pin. On entering the details successfully, then ATM functionalities are unlocked. The project allows to perform following operations:
1)Transactions History 2)Withdraw 3)Deposit 4)Transfer 5)Quit

# Project 2: The Number Guessing Game
The fun and easy project “Guess the Number” is a short Java project that allows the user to guess the number generated by the computer & involves the following steps: The system generates a random number from a given range, say 1 to 100. The user is prompted to enter their given number in a displayed dialogue box. The computer then tells if the entered number matches the guesses number or it is higher/lower than the generated number. The game continues under the user guessing the number.

# Project 3: Online Examination
The project should be capable of the following functionalities. 1)Login 2)Update Profile and Password 3)Selecting answers for MCQs 4)Timer and auto submit 5)Closing session and Logout.

# Online Reservation System

